Welcome to PlayStation®Home Beta

Things to do in PlayStation Home this week:

1) Head on over to the new Sunset Lounge, new from Lockwood. It's a beautiful brand new public space, exclusively for owners of any of the Dream estates. There, you'll find two new outfits, exclusively available there for Dream Universe patrons. 

Also from Lockwood this week are the Air Band Animation pack which give you the option of that old classic air guitar, plus the lesser known air saxophone, air vocalist and air drummer. Join up with some friends and show off your rock star style!

2) Explore Home in style, riding this slick animated motorcycle: neon lights cycle through all different colors, and at high speed a streak of light will stretch from your tail lights! Lightspeeders from Atom Republic

3) Aquarium enthusiasts, snatch up the new Rainbow Fish Pack from Digital Leisure. It is filled with 4 very colorful fish that will add an extra splash of color to any tank. With this pack you’ll receive a Mandarinfish, a Rainbow Notho, a Cortez Rainbow Wrasse, and a bi-color Parrotfish. Check out your aquarium and see how intense these new fish are! Now go on and feed your fish, and make your aquarium how you want. It’s your aquarium – your rules!

4) Granzella has new Carp Streamers and Silky Blouses this week. The self-assembly Carp Streamer Set includes an arrow streamer and base which can be decorated with up to three carp streamers. In addition the set includes a Miniature Carp Streamer. Decorate your personal space with a carp streamer swimming gracefully. You can move like the wind on riding on top of a Locomotion Carp Streamer. The R1 button will present a menu allowing you to choose from 3 different sitting positions. Available in black, red, and blue variations.

Each of the three Color Variations on the Silky Blouses include 4 items. A blouse and skirt as separate items are perfect for mixing and matching with other items, but we also include the blouse and skirt as a single item for a perfect fit for when you want to stun in full matching outfit. And OMG, how about those pumps?! You're going to look great no matter how you wear these!

5) A brand new batch of Aqua Mounts arrives this week from Hellfire Games! Swim through the air and instantly boost your speed to 150% with the new Savage Hammerhead, Graceful Manta Ray, Beluga Whale, Mercury Shark, Lovely Pink Dolphin, and Golden Shark Aqua Mounts, available in the Home Tycoon Train Station and Novus Prime.
 
Simply access Aqua Mounts from your Inventory, and your speed boost will automatically engage when moving at full running speed.

6) Konami releases 8 dragon colors this week. Who doesn’t want their own pet dragon? Fly around in these locomotions and shoot fireballs at the crowds below!

Konami also sweeps you off your feet with wings and broom items! What's different with these wings you ask? You can now switch on and off your flying! Will you float with Angel wings? Or Demon Wings?

7) From nDreams, take to the cockpit of your very own Fighter Plane and soar around PlayStation Home. Keep hold of square to receive a speed boost and say goodbye to those bogies on your tail.

If staying on the ground is more your speed, the Stunt Scooter Locomotion allows you to ride around Home dodging in and out of everyone. With a trick emote built in you can show off your skills to your friends.

8)This is a big week from VEEMEE. New clothing items from Billabong, a new range of MyBedroom furniture, and of course new clothing from Wrangler. Go on! Release the fashion guru inside of you!

9) This week in exclusive VIP nightclub x7, there is a new exclusive value bundle, a new freebie for the ladies, and a bunch of new Lockwood Drey clothing items available for early-access to members. Head to x7, take the elevator upstairs, check out these fine items, then dance the night away!


GlassWalls (PlayStation Community Manager)
